DOCS-513 - Root Cause Explorer deprecation release note (#4701)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-11-01-observability.md

---
title: Deprecation Notice - Root Cause Explorer (Observability)
image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - observability
  - root cause explorer
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> As part of our ongoing evaluation of the Sumo Logic service, we have decided to deprecate [Root Cause Explorer](/docs/observability/root-cause-explorer). Root Cause Explorer will continue to function until 30 April 2025.

Author: ```suggestion
As part of our ongoing evaluation of the Sumo Logic service, our product team is deprecating [Root Cause Explorer](/docs/observability/root-cause-explorer), and it will no longer be available as of 30 April 2025.
```
